OCR Caching Files & Command Batch Generations (#12)
antistatique/drupal-entity-to-text: README.md

$body = \Drupal::service('entity_to_text_tika.extractor.file_to_text')->fromFileToText($file, 'eng+fra');
```

> or for an advanced usage avoiding multiple calls to Tika:

Author: ```suggestion
or for an advanced usage avoiding multiple calls to Tika by using cached ocr file:
```

```php
// Anywhere at least once in the code (Eg. module.install) in order to prepare the storage.
\Drupal::service('entity_to_text_tika.storage.local_file')->prepareStorage();

// Load the already OCR'ed file if possible to avoid unecessary calls to Tika.
$body = \Drupal::service('entity_to_text_tika.storage.local_file')->load($file, 'eng+fra');

if (!$body) {
  // When the OCR'ed file is not available, then run Tika over it and store it for the next run.
  $body = \Drupal::service('entity_to_text_tika.extractor.file_to_text')->fromFileToText($file, 'eng+fra');
  // Save the OCR'ed file for the next run.
  \Drupal::service('entity_to_text_tika.storage.local_file')->save($file, $body, 'eng+fra');
}
```

### Generate OCR via CLI

> The module expose a Drush command to generate OCR for all Drupal files.
> 
> This command is intended to be used sporadically, as it can be resource intensive.
> The purpose is to generate OCR for all files that have not been OCR'ed yet.
> This may be usefully after an initial install, a new OCR language has been added or right after files migration.

Author: ```suggestion
The module provides a Drush command for generating OCR (Optical Character Recognition) for all files within Drupal.
_It's important to note that this command should be used judiciously due to its potential resource intensity._

Its primary objective is to generate OCR for files that have not undergone OCR processing yet. It's designed to work seamlessly with the Advanced feature set, leveraging cached OCR files efficiently.

This command proves especially useful after a fresh installation, the addition of a new OCR language, or during file migrations.
```
